Add note about accidentally disabling completions (#4062)
PowerShell/vscode-powershell: docs/troubleshooting.md

message starts with `[PSScriptAnalyzer]` or if you are getting faulty script diagnostics
(red and green squiggly lines under PowerShell in scripts) please [open an issue there][].

## Completions aren't appearing

First, please ensure that the extension itself has properly started. Do this by opening
the PowerShell Integrated Console and checking the value of the variable `$psEditor`,
it should return a version and other fields. If it does not, you're probably in a
different "PowerShell" terminal in VS Code, and not the extension's integrated console.
So please open a bug about your extension failing to start instead.

If the extension _is_ started and the PSIC functional, completions should appear! Please
double-check that your `editor.suggest.showFunctions` VS Code setting is `true`, as

> setting it to `fals`e _will_ disable completions (from all extensions). You may also want

Reviewer: ```suggestion
setting it to `false` _will_ disable completions (from all extensions). You may also want
```
